|> EVENT 1A: (EDITED)
	I am not sure what I am considering for dateParser. I was considering having the date be passed in as a string in the format
	of "xx/xx/xxxx". The dateParser function would then format that into an integer such as xxyyzzzz where x is the day, y is the month,
	and z is the year. The parser would add in an extra 0 or 0's if need be (such as if the date passed in was 8/3/2019, the parser 
	would produce 08032019). But then it struck me that I could probably just make all of this a function in source.cpp, so a class function
	isn't necessarily... well, necessary.

	Any thoughts on this would be appreciated.

	EDIT 1 March 29, 2019 : 4:18pm
	I will not be returning a value of (month)(day)(year). Rather, I will return (year)(month)(day) so I can quickly sort the events in a specific
	order that the user wants.

|> SOURCE 1A: (REDACTED)
	As stated above, I am leaning towards not making dateParser a strictly Event function. Rather, I will probably make dateParser a source function.
	However, for testing purposes, I have left the implementation of dateParser in Event.cpp. This code (as of 3/16/2019) will most definitely break if you 
	try and deviate from a xxyyzzzz date format. So... feel free to do so, but I haven't accounted for error handling yet.

|> IO 1A:
	As of write now, I will come up with a generic phrase for the stringInitial function. I will be able to use the function for the event's name and the event's
	description, which are the only two pieces of information that are of type string. I am thinking that there may be a better way to do this, whether I 
	make separate functions for each piece of information that an event has, or by doing something else. Right now, though, the generic phrase is
	acceptable to me.

|> IO 1B:
	Well, that didn't take long. Almost immediately after writing my previous Doc entry, I decided I would initialize the name string as "name", and the 
	description string as "description". These initializations will allow me to use if-statements to check if the variable the user is currently modifiying 
	is the event name or the event description. Again, this may not be optimal, but I do like this method more.

|> March 16, 2019 : 4:55pm

	To those reviewing my code,

		The primary goal of this project is to better my understanding of C++ and the proper CS coding practices, and to develop an actual
		application. 
	
		This program will (hopefully, by the end) display a calendar to the user. The calender will initially be command line (yikes) and then
		will have a graphical component in the future. The user can add events, remove events, and view their events in a list or calendar view.
		Refer to this document for lengthy comments, which will be labeled in the code. The DEVELOPER CODE is 7. Enter 7 to begin testing the 
		dateParser function.

		Thank you,

		Brian

|> March 16, 2019 : 5:41pm

	Entering anything aside from the developer code (at this point in time) at the main menu will result in a crash. Just a friendly reminder.

	Thank you,

	Brian

|> March 28, 2019 : 11:13pm
	
	Wow. What a terrible day. I had my wisdom teeth removed this last Monday, and as a result, I have done nothing with my life as of late. I got a new keyboard,
	so that is pretty cool. I was making too many mistakes typing on my previous keyboard. 
	
	Now, to the matter at hand. I hit a roadblock last night. Well... several roadblocks, actually. I couldn't make up my mind on what features I wanted to work on for this calendar. 
	Everytime I started working on one particular thing, another idea would pop in my head. I went from security, to hashing, to vectors within vectors (that is a good 
	idea, though), to sorting, to I/O. I actually had to revert back to my second Github commit just because I made so many additions and changes that I got overwhelmed with 
	trying to manually remove everything. I have conferred with sir Nathan, and I have decided that it is best to work on an I/O class that will handle all input and 
	output as well as input check. This class is essential and will play a big role in the overall project, so I think it is best to get this class done and working before 
	proceeding with anything else.

	This I/O class will most likely be static. I don't need an instance of this class. Rather, I just need a place to put all of my I/O functions and logic. But, as per 
	the norm, I will dwell on this decision and consult with my coder buddies later. 

	Thank you,

	Brian

|> March 29, 2019 : 12:31am

	I have finished the first function in my IO class. I have tested it for a few minutes, and all seems well. I will test it more extensively later. I think it is suitable for my needs 
	right now. There are a few things I had to do differently than I anticipated. I kept running into the \n problem, where the newline character would be entered as the value for a 
	variable unintendedly. I didn't have that problem with my string variable, as I used getline to prevent this problem. I encountered the problem with my char variable. I hadn't expected 
	to run into this issue with a char variable, as I presumed using getchar would solve this issue, too. The problem wasn't fixable (for me at least), so I opted to use a string in place 
	of my char variabe and convert the string to lowercase, which worked out better for me in the end. I can accept Y, yes, N, no, and all of the possible combinations of capitals and 
	lowercases for these inputs, now that I am using a string for my char variable.

	Oh, by the way, I now have a use for the Event default constructor! I will set name and description to "name" and "description", respectively. Doing so will let me know which variable the
	user is initially writing into when they are creating an event. This worked out really well for me. I needed this, too. Got too burnt out last night (two days ago, technically...) with all
	the things I tried implementing at the same time.

	Thank you, 

	Brian

|> March 29, 2019 : 4:11pm

	I have modified the Doc to reflect that I am no longer going to use dateParser anymore. Other than that, I have added the formattedDate function, which does the exact same thing 
	that dateParser did, but now formattedDate() belongs to the IO class.

	Thank you,

	Brian

|> March 31, 2019 : 10:28pm

	I have edited both Source.cpp and the IO class such that the main-menu is now a function, and the ability to clear the screen without calling System is a function in the IO class.
	The main-menu isn't working as expected. The Window is closing, even when starting the program without debugging. I believe this has something to do with my switch-statement. 
	I will address this later.

	Thank you,

	Brian

|> March 31, 2019 : 10:43pm

	Having given it some thought, I decided to make a function to print out a line of hyphens. This feature certainly adds to readability and I think, overall, will add to the usability.
	I decided I won't ask for input on the same line that I am outputting, so that I can just call the newLineSpace() function in the IO class and print out a line to separate input and 
	output. I am considering creating a separate text file called Log.txt, where I will move all of these commentative Doc entries. The extended comments will remain in their own, separate 
	text file. I might do this before the next commit.

	Thank you,

	Brian